README.md, before:

# JSNameGen
A few javascript functions and arrays for generating names, based on various wikipedia articles.

Egytian Names was taken from donjon.bin.sh
The rest are from the PHB or Wikipedia. 

I've include some of the original files as it was a process and changed what I originally intended to do with what I am currently doing.

NameGen.js comes from a reddit user /u/boltorian as well as the DM Screen from wizards of the coast. I decided to keep both his/her double letter form and wotc single letter form (eg far and farr) as I felt it adds variation to names that occurs naturally in the real world.

I highly recommend looking at wikipedia for some of the names as they sometimes give meanings so if you are looking for an interesting name with a particular type of meaning/sound then head over there.

You can get name lists from all sorts of sources, if you have some patience you can extract a bunch from the behind the name website [Linked](https://www.behindthename.com/names). 

I am working on pulling as many as I can from wikipedia of various origins and will eventually separate them out so that the phb name generator is a separte html file and each different nationality/language names will be selectable in their own dropdown like the phb one currently is. 

My intent is to use this in an over arching DM website for myself that will include such things as monster stats, the crobi action guide, etc. Unfortunately the entire site won't be available as I plan to include content from the books so its easier to share around the table (currently have only 2 PHB at our table and I don't expect everyone to buy one). 

The PDF's are too big to search through for the specific content and besides this is a pet project to do for fun.

Commit message:

Just some updating as I continue to fiddle around and add stuff.

README.md, after:

# JSNameGen
A few javascript functions and arrays for generating names, based on various wikipedia articles.

Egytian Names was taken from donjon.bin.sh
The rest are from the PHB or Wikipedia. 

I've include some of the original files as it was a process and changed what I originally intended to do with what I am currently doing.

NameGen.js comes from a reddit user /u/boltorian as well as the DM Screen from wizards of the coast. I decided to keep both his/her double letter form and wotc single letter form (eg far and farr) as I felt it adds variation to names that occurs naturally in the real world.

I highly recommend looking at wikipedia for some of the names as they sometimes give meanings so if you are looking for an interesting name with a particular type of meaning/sound then head over there.

There are lots of places that will generate names I just want to make an open source one that anyone can implement or use.
[Behind The Name](https://www.behindthename.com/random)
[Fantasy Name Generator](https://www.fantasynamegenerators.com/)
[donjon](https://donjon.bin.sh/fantasy/name/) - This site also lets you make a custom list if you so choose.

I have also modified mike shae's name generator a bit, I plan on separating the male and female names from his list but that might take a while. 

Lastly I think I will add a unisex option that way people can make more androgonous characters and it not have an obvious name.

I am working on pulling as many as I can from wikipedia of various origins and will eventually separate them out so that the phb name generator is a separte html file and each different nationality/language names will be selectable in their own dropdown like the phb one currently is. 

My intent is to use this in an over arching DM website for myself that will include such things as monster stats, the crobi action guide, etc. Unfortunately the entire site won't be available as I plan to include content from the books so its easier to share around the table (currently have only 2 PHB at our table and I don't expect everyone to buy one). 

The PDF's are too big to search through for the specific content and besides this is a pet project to do for fun.
